chore(banners): disable hacks post & refactor (#5542)
mdn/yari: client/src/banners/README.md

# Using banners

> Your first step is to define and `id` for the banner or reuse one of the previous banners(if appropriate) `ids` in `client/src/banners/ids.ts`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your first step is to define an `id` for the banner or reuse one of the previous banners' (if appropriate) `ids` in `client/src/banners/ids.ts`. For example:
```
